Is this the one I had a childhood
relatively normal
seeing what can be called a home
literally undone
I was eight days old and lived with
my parents pretty pathetic is not
It's time to send me teams
always armed he will take care of his petta
you are directed to the great
I did not understand the last part but
seems important intended here
so I set off in search of my destiny
is not that the favor boy of glaucous bridge
had exactly the same idea
[Music]
It was on this day that I met you
perfect little
our glorious rivalry silva
[Music]
Is that what this was for?
destined to a life full of luxury and
comfort
by no way
even the destination has its favorites
okay
investing very differently awaited me
in prison for criminals have talent
says bb
I love you sin sin novo, I saw you
smell your cane
Happily found in Brazil, it wins.
step to call from there is a place where
I learned the difference between right and
wrong so prefeitinho other
side had everything in his life delivered from
tray of our turn affirmed to five
I'm the best for you, he said.
could fly was vulnerable and pet red
time but I owned something very very
best outside intelligence and talent
special to build objects
devastating
[Music]
a few years later reduce my pain
for good behavior
I had the opportunity to improve myself
through learning a strange place
and called it rains and that was bumped from
new on the perfect sir he had already
gathered a huge army of balloon fans
[Music]
counting their faith with exhibitions
exaggerated is grandly delicious
So I decided to do this one too.
little to conquer that band of
Useless to send Lusa
[Music]
dra
It was then that I learned a hard
lesson of good I follow with the compliments of
low action while the bad guys stayed behind
punishment to take with these guys was
out of thought as they sang
Ciranda Cirandinha I learned from each other
try to rescue animated objects from the
bel pleasure
Who says it seemed like it was just me and created
against the world
matter how hard I tried
was always the last weirdo to be
chosen the goat the black sheep
the normal boy
[Music]
this was my destiny
maybe it would be bad to be the only one
thing that I know how to do well
I was that what was supposed to be the
bad face then I was going to be the worst guy in the
story
I was meant to be a super villain
we were meant to hit
the luck was already launched and so had
beginning to a long and stable season
a career that I've always loved
battles will only become more elaborate
He won some. I do win.
with him adopted the name metroman defender
business or choose a little more
mega- dazzling criminal genius
absolute master of the entire worksheet
[Music]